---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kafka-v1alpha1_cluster_producer_list Data Source - kafka-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# kafka-v1alpha1_cluster_producer_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) ClusterProducerSpec defines the desired state of ClusterProducer (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) ClusterProducerStatus defines the observed state of ClusterProducer (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `brokers` (String) Comma separated Kafka brokers list
- `compressioncodec` (String) Data compression codec
- `exports` (Attributes List) Exports is the list of paths to be exported as well as the topic and mode for each. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--exports))
- `flushfrequency` (String) The best-effort frequency of flushes
- `maxretry` (Number) The total number of times to retry sending a message
- `requiredacks` (String) Number of replica acknowledgements the broker must see before responding
- `sasl` (Attributes) Kafka SASL configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--sasl))
- `syncproducer` (Boolean) Start a sync producer
- `timeout` (String) Kafka producer timeout
- `tls` (Attributes) Kafka TLS configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--exports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.exports`

Optional:

- `fields` (List of String) list of fields to be exported from the configured EDB table.
- `mode` (String) Export Mode
- `path` (String) The EDB path to export, in the format '.namespace.node.srl.interface'
- `period` (String) Export Period. A 1s minimum is enforced.
- `topic` (String) A topic name to which the producer must write
updates from this export path
- `where` (String) A where clause to use for the query, e.g. 'oper-state = down'. You can omit enclosing parentheses.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--sasl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.sasl`

Optional:

- `mechanism` (String) SASL Mechanism
- `password` (String) SASL password
- `tokenurl` (String) token url for OAUTHBEARER SASL mechanism
- `user` (String) SASL user name


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.tls`

Optional:

- `cafile` (String) TLS Certificate Authority file path
- `certfile` (String) TLS Certificate file path
- `keyfile` (String) TLS Key file path
- `skipverify` (Boolean) Skip verifying the server certificate



<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`
